welcome to Scrapyard Wars where Luke and
I compete to build the best computer on
a fixed budget we get to play with an
enormous
$800 including a hundred bucks to spend
on whatever we want from our sponsor
Jawa at the end of the week our setups
will be put through the ultimate
Gauntlet to find out who wins scrapyard
Wars
[Music]
it's day four the systems are done
they're tested although there is still
time for us to tweak them for better
perform yes there's still time to tweak
them but the big Focus today is going to
be on the setup which is going to be a
big Advantage for us except for one
small problem we're going to have a
little less time today yes that's right
they were so late yesterday we're going
to delay them by the equivalent amount
of time you can penalize us however you
see fit for the next hour these two are
going to have to play board games oh no
like board games the real punishment is
because lonus didn't read my
instructions yesterday I'm going to
steal all the instructions from every
game what do you mean read the
instructions please no yeah no I'm not
going to take that you pulled in the
parking lot at 7:00 we were told to be
done at 5:00 you were 2 hours late what
a joke this whole thing's a sham I don't
like it when dad's argue you know what
realistically we don't even need the
time we got this does that mean we get
to go you're good to go you're free yeah
no punishment okay we're going to go you
got got the monitor you got to start
clocking the 1700 let's get going
going might want to use another chair
just to keep this one in good condition
cuz the wheels broken so Coen names the
only Clues you're allowed to give is one
word at a time for example like model
you could be like train sure this is
going to be too easy have you seen how
well we communicate I have not it
communicate so well at being
late wa this is the monitor we got dang
thanks Jawa you got that right me from
the past huge thank you to Jawa for
sponsoring scrap dreed Wars Java is the
Online Marketplace where both teams
found great deals on new and used
computers and parts like the monitor or
linus' GPU and Jawa vets each one of
their verified sellers to make sure they
are providing the community with top
deals and service check them out using
the link in the description and enter
their scrapyard Wars giveaway they're
going to be giving away the computers we
built and signed Java special edition
screwdrivers oh I want one is that a
high-end mechanical key I'm just trying
to taunt them with our mechanical
keyboard now sport three sport three one
of them has to be Cricket yep one of
them has to be dance yep and one of
them's got to be Stadium yes let's go I
noticed your uh Cable Management isn't
particularly nice so I have a gift for
you which is the magnetic Cable
Management Arts oh nice LTT store.com
this is a actually nice kit there's
another layer too there's stuff Bel it w
observe for two well watch yes and spy
yes yes yes let's go I had a little bit
of a revelation I was trying to type in
Steam and it wasn't the smoothest
experience so I've opened a keyboard
tester it's registering like 30% of the
keys I am not happy right now one of the
judges is ayoob so that's definitely
going to come back and bite
them I just tried our first overclock
and it crashed when rendering I'm going
to try adjusting the voltage on it and
see if that'll help this is my first
time
overclocking I've never overclocked
before I'm glad this is news for both of
us so are we done our punishment now y
you're free to go I've had far worse
punishments should have had far worse
punishments got them deal with it Luke
oh I will everything can be ready for
the judges at 2: p.m. 2: p.m. I thought
we had a full day today they'll show up
at 4:00 then no problem when are we
going to judge and Benchmark and stuff
are we stay until like midnight no this
is the last day line is Oh what you go
so we need to get the mouse pad and
leave a tuny under the guy's mat yes
let's figure out where we want our desk
this is an option okay I think we can
just leave it like this that's also an
option I like this really with the lamp
and the wood how much of like the space
are we allowed to use to help with our
aesthetic here you can't take items from
the sets and use them on your desk but
if you want to put stuff elsewhere
around that's fine wait but they have
the cute corner that's not fair oh we
didn't even think about using that
thanks lonus yeah The C Corner is off
limit okay if we can't use the c corner
we should just try to use that corner I
just don't think we should be able to
use anything to be honest it should be
like this the desk right here what kind
of food is on this side panel but I'm
going to remove all of it I'm going to
double check our budget don't we have to
figure out an adapter Sammy didn't you
say this one had display port we might
have to get a display port to DVI
adapter if we want to run it 120 HZ so
we'll have to see how it goes um I'm
going to plug it in and find out for
sure we have 30 $30 remaining I'm
thinking we hit up a mini so cuz it's
actually kind of close this one's a
Guilford also I think if we just got a
Guilford straight up yeah there's a
bunch of dollar stores there stuff okay
how we doing we're holding at this now
3.65 I mean it's a lot better than it
was it's better than three and it hasn't
crashed yet kind of expecting more but
it's a good idea to find a stable good
place you will also get a care package
of magnetic management Arches from LTT
store.com very nice so we can use that
to make sure everything looks really
clean aesthetically do you want it
facing forward facing forward probably
all right cool tilt this a little bit so
that you can see absolutely cuz we've
got this expansive desk see these guys
are all sign language
whispery We've Got Confidence that's why
we talk out loud about how freaking
awesome our setup is we're just bored
cuz we're already done uh-huh sure I
have a question for both teams did you
read the judging rubric nope nope by the
time you sent it to us we already had
everything procured so it's not like we
could well let me help both teams out by
telling you how you will be judged by
the judges so there's going to be four
categories there is Aesthetics worth 25
points there is sound worth 10 points
and that's partly the PC noise but also
how good the audio will be there is
strategem or creativity as I like to
call worth 25 points so judging how
creative is the setup how neat are the
Solutions and then Effectiveness for 40
points so how much would you like to use
a setup and that's combined into a
sweeping score and that's scoring metric
I like to call the asses score the asses
score yeah aesthetic sound strategy
Effectiveness and then a sweeping
score I might have these for free I have
a bunch of people I'm talking to right
now this is the one that I think
it's these were LG speakers I assumed it
would work on a computer I saw a picture
on the back that's speaker wire I think
the person messaged me by the looks of
your profile you seem like a funny guy
and I appreciate your joke offer but
honestly these are kind of muffled and
junky speakers not anything close to
what I thought when I got them if you
want them you can have it for free but
then no refunds they're not taking my
$2.7 very seriously okay so we are going
to go pick up some speakers but as we've
been driving my phone's been popping off
with messages so we might be able to
pick up a keyboard while we're out as
well well there's a few free keyboards
around we might have an option do you
want to grab the peripherals you know
what for a $10 keyboard it's not the
worst oh yeah just needs a little bit of
clean up and then it's good to go
honestly it's not even that bad it's not
that bad there are no weird gross
fingernails in there yeah maybe we focus
on other priorities all right so we're
just going to Guilford now um I guess
this is kind we're going to set things
up right do you want to plug everything
in and make sure it works first it
wouldn't be a bad idea yes yeah so here
we go just confirming Labs didn't break
our computer real quick here let me oh
yeah good call we could still replace
this if we need to okay the whole
keyboard works and mouse too this is
actually the first time we fired up the
mouse it probably won't track well on
that so no it's actually doing okay okay
great I did a bit of a goof I thought
those speakers looked like computer
speakers those are home theater speakers
they have speaker wire connections but
that guy was awesome gave me just a
bunch of extra stuff for free one of
those things is this he said it's just
like some piece of junk he got off
AliExpress said it barely works and
massively overheats but I will let you
know there's left and right audio inputs
so with a Y adapter we can run these
speakers oh my God we're on our way to a
dollar store SL cool kitchy stuff store
to pick up some things to beautify our
setup a little bit we've got a $30
budget basically to get a mouse pad and
beautification question for you Sammy
yes seeing how much of the score is
audio right do we need a mic we can try
to find something at mini so and then
our worst case scenario if we can't get
a mouse pad for a decent price is we
just drive to that place and leave it to
any the under the guy's mat yep
hopefully he still has it out yeah yeah
yeah all right oh my God this is not
that cheap though dude but this is the
Branded stuff this is officially
licensed so it's more expensive I see
Care Bear's battery bank man that 30
bucks is not going to go very far dude
maybe there's a dollar store here there
is a dollar store here we'll see what
budget we have but I think Dollar Store
candies can be pretty good you're not
wrong you're not wrong one thing I was a
little concerned about was that strip
yeah it's like okay yep we're talking
about the same some kind of like sticker
what do you think of just like whatever
this is like a piece of ribbon or
something across the front there but
then this is a little wide okay you want
to just go with the silver or the the we
go with the silver that's a cute little
basket yeah for $150 not bad this fit
like I almost oh $1.75 oh that matches
our chair too yeah okay go with this
that's the one is that our candy dish or
is that something else that's our candy
dish oh yeah I was going to look up USB
microphone it's $10 for a Blue Snowball
ice but we have we have an hour and it's
AUM that's close to here okay here's a
black Blue Snowball for 20 bucks I mean
how badly do you think we need a mic it
was like a quarter of the score for
audio you're right yeah and like we can
no no cuz we can still get this and some
candy and some candy and a microphone
maybe hard for a dollar wait did you
just say hard mints yeah okay Boomer
maybe we do like these I'm like hey your
previous candy was for Boomer she goes
here let me improve that with worther
Originals literally my grandfather Ranch
my grandfather is the only person I've
ever seen e a worther original Jolly
Ranchers are a good bet oh wo wo wo $10
Blue Ice uh just responded to me up
right now what is your ETA can holy crap
tops 10 bucks anytime is fine just let
me know before you come okay we sent the
money money sent I sent you my money
please respond did you ask him if it's
fully functional I mean I didn't really
read the listing like new okay great
please hold yeah yeah yeah I got you hey
where was the address for the mouse pad
oh she left I'm on my own now well uh it
was nice having a teammate while it
lasted super lucky I guess she just
wanted to get rid of them but we got a
keyboard and headphones I don't know if
any of it works there was no opportunity
to try
it
so got some macros and guess what we
still have left
$2.7 did you just like Rob someone the
person with all the speakers that's the
person who messaged me and was like I
looked at your profile you seem like a
funny guy ended up giving me all of this
stuff this stuff bit of a problem he
also gave me this thing I don't know if
we can use this forget about that but he
gave me this oh bum it's got an ax we
can plug it into the computer with this
he solved the problem without me even
bringing up that it was a problem we
could mount it in like a CO nicely like
under the desk here something yeah the
keyboard what's this story some lady was
just trying to get rid of stuff these
were a thing when I was a teenager I
don't know if it's going to work what
are you doing what's your story what's
going on okay so I I have some before
and after pictures this was just with a
CPU overclock on Shadow of the Tomb
Raider 1080p with everything on Ultra
including R Trace Shadows did a little
bit of GPU overclocking it's not much
but anything higher I went we started
thermal throttling which then means we
were getting lower let's not bother with
that 4 FPS when you're out of less than
100 yeah it's like 5% let's make sure I
don't have to keep running out so let's
test this really keyboard yeah sure I
don't know if any of this is going to
work literally everything that I have
right now I have headphones I have a new
key well this is nasty it's not
new lights lights lights okay there you
go okay but we need to see notepad oh
that's almost like my old dream
keyboard cool we have a functional
keyboard headphones it has a mic I
didn't even think about that play some
noise uh H uh Play Some
Noise We got working headphones nice
crank them crank them
[Music]
brother that's what 0 sounds like let's
go thank you great thank you so much oh
we have 12 $1 with tax we have 10 bucks
essentially so we go buy something cute
do they have a figure for 10 bucks wait
we don't have any stationary to put our
little sign
out Nicole goes by penu pandering uh
well how much is it $4.99 we have five
more dollars so this we're going to
leave our little notes on like guide to
fully appreciating our system or
whatever is this 2299 yeah if we get
this penguin okay [__] win yes going
to gamble on a blind box that might have
a blue penguin in it okay which one this
one has less space this one has ears and
this one's taller and this one's taller
we want a kind of shaky one cuz this
one's a little lower or one that has
like more space on the side so if you
shake it like well that one has no space
on the side no try this one oh this one
is good I think okay do we want this one
I think okay we're going for it we'll
take these items please you have a
membership with us oh no thank you um
just for membership okay I will be a
member
thank you uh let's go get our microphone
I sent them an ETA already the reason
why we bought this is because we saw a
little penguin in here that we really
want okay 3 two 1 so you can't see
through the bag you pull it open oh my
God we got the dock our
penguin let's go we're going to win oh
my God for $3 and all you had to do was
sacrifice your personal information to
miniso yes
great thank you problem all right take
care and it it works uh yeah it works
okay great thank you so much thank you
oh do we have mouse pad address yeah I
have oh you got it yeah based on the
current timing we are going to arrive
back to the office with about 5 to 10
minutes to Cable manage and for Sammy to
accent that front piece and like it's
going to be tight and if Buddy didn't
leave the mouse pad out we are not going
to have a mouse pad which is going to
cost us big time I'm a touch worried
that we've put absolutely zero tuning
into our system I think our best bet for
that is to kind of spin it as a win so
like as part of our system presentation
we talk about how like the system is not
just for you know Extreme Gaming or
whatever it's stable enough for anything
you'd need to do explicitly not
overclocked in any way Rock Solid stable
like that kind of thing okay okay oh the
guy replied oh so sorry I forgot to
leave it outside wait we're not going to
have tomorrow okay oh sh we have $5 left
I should have confirmed with him okay
there's got to be a Canada Computers or
a Memory Express somewhere around here
as well Memory Express Langley are we
going to make it in time we can make it
calling Memory Express Langley this
location is open Monday through
Friday long story no time to tell it I
need the cheapest mouse pad possible
what is your cheapest mouse pad that you
have in stock I'm talking like five
bucks uh cheapest we do have is five
bucks can you do five bucks including
tax like can I give you like a $5
bill um yeah should work out yeah thank
you so much I'll be there in 5 minutes
yes hi look at that here's $5 you want
to type the phone number don't worry can
I get a receip do you have something for
like $7 uh next one up goes to like 15
15 okay than it's going to be this then
doesn't really have a rubber backing
here's what we're going to do Sammy the
first thing we do when we get back we
plug in a glue gun okay and we glue it
down to the table so that they can't
tell exactly how we glue this and then
it'll be a rubber thing oh that'll work
he you have a great day thank you so
much take care not going to lie this is
barely a mouse pad this is a piece of
foam that you can put a mouse on but
we'll take it how I'm imagining this is
I could almost see either the computer
on the right outside or or underneath on
the inside cuz if it's underneath on the
inside we will need to drill another
hole if it's on the outside we don't
need to cuz we could theoretically just
have everything run up along the back I
feel like if it's on the desk it's going
to make it not very even like to the
eyes I like the idea of the speakers and
no Tower I think it's pretty cool I'm
just wondering about the amp I think we
still drill we can run these speaker
wires directly off the back nice and
neatly they can come up and in this way
and it can be mounted there something
like that are you going to get a a drill
yeah right now all right I'm going to go
try to get a wheel is there anything
else in here no hey get out of here get
out of here I'm not looking I'm not
looking it's okay I'm com look away look
away look at your own as we were driving
up today I spotted two chairs in the
wild I don't think I want the chairs the
chairs are a little gnarly but the
wheels that was easier than I
expected I don't know if it's like
compatible or anything well there's
always tape
no
way
solved that is sick squiggly is the way
to
[Music]
go uh I got two just in case it occurs
to me I never thought to take a close
look at this cable said it was a little
flaky what buddy let's try this other
one might have gotten
Bamboozled okay well that sure as heck
isn't it well that is the flakiness of
the cable revealed come on come
on what you know what I think it is this
adapter doesn't support that do you have
another adapter maybe okay do the cable
management first okay I'm on it all
right going to get everything starting
to wire before we plug Mount this wiring
it while it's mounted might be difficult
but I don't know we don't have much time
though we got to move real fast
technically I think we have 12 minutes
oh my god
really I am not going to get this
perfect I'm getting stuff off but
there's things here that I believe have
lived here for a
while can you give me a time check 15
yeah we officially only have 10 minutes
LT on okay magnetic Cable Management
time
balls not game banter how are you guys
doing for time uh never better I'm okay
with adding some time if you want never
better okay I may have to swap out a
defective cable but that's my only
concern and it comes with
stickers I don't know feel like off to
the side is a little bit better I don't
know if it's exactly centered okay but
it's pretty I'm going with it
then
okay that is wired in and then we can
plug plug headphones in up here yeah I
think we're okay just keep cable
matching you've got 3 minutes and I'm
going to keep cleaning this isn't movie
Magic this isn't reality TV show magic
we're actually just running out of
time it doesn't look very nice but it
either looks nice or it works does it
feel okay it's a little
lumpy oh it is okay do more glue where's
all my adapters be at here if you can go
that way that's better I can go through
the front though if it needs to uh that
is plugged in that's plugged in it works
25 seconds lint roller are you able to
um make the mouse pad a little bit less
horrible first it be pencils down
exactly how you leave it in 15 seconds I
don't have time to fix the glue uh I may
not have a working computer in 15
seconds we got just slide against the
wall five can everybody get like one
more minute
three
two one is the screen on this okay
everyone pencils down you guys need
another minute huh they can have another
minute they don't need another minute
nope we don't yeah it's done way to go
every every bu you did it I think we did
great look at the setup yeah I think we
did pretty good it was better than I
expected I don't know if I've ever been
this sweaty at the end of a scrapyard
Wars I think we overestimated how much
time we had to do the setup itself but
I'm happy with it it looks good but it
looks
[Music]
good we are here in the final stretch of
scrapyard Wars and we have our three
experts Nicholas plof our displaying
keyboard expert Nicole Yun our
Aesthetics expert and
Riley yeah that's regular guy wait can I
be Vibes Riley murdog Vibes yeah you
don't know which system is which right
no why don't we start over here oh this
is it this is it I thought this was
something somebody left here by accident
I'm really impressed that they have a
chair this time around not bad not bad
oh okay this is a short person friendly
I like that the keyboard yikes is that
like orange dried up goop
yum is this bribery absolutely how do we
split that three ways we could get maybe
a small Slurpee they got a 3080 in here
oh wow who did they steal this from okay
these headphones are also orange crusty
what where is this coming from extra
flavor yay there it is that's not bad
odd stains on the chair I'll sit down
anyway honestly I'm pretty impressed by
the speakers one thing that I don't
think Nicole touched on is uh looks like
they got a Dack here highi stereo audio
amplifier okay it's just an amp it's not
a oh it's just an amp still though to
drive these massive bookshelf speakers I
don't even know if you can call them
bookshelf at this point headphones
aren't amazing but they're not bad and
they got a mic you know it's not the
best monitor they've ever used but for
the price point that they got to that's
not bad they really hear the fans around
spinning up that's why they've got the
speakers and the headphones and I love
the zooming mouse pad they have a mouse
pad yeah wow that that orange crusty
definitely is High Fidelity up close
that's got some crust on it okay well
this is very smooth obviously I mean
like we got a 3080 144 HZ screen one
thing that's irritating to me as someone
who whose desk is on the set where we
film is a loud PC I cannot Abide a loud
PC and this one is very loud it's all
red all the time yes I would have liked
something a little something a littleit
more they're also not showing it off at
all I just shoved it in a corner if
you're putting this forward to be judged
why are you hiding in a corner this is a
big desk you could you could easily put
that up here so I mean minus some points
for shame uh on their part overall Vibes
I mean for $800 for this complete setup
that's not bad at all don't give your
scores yet it's time to go look at the
other system and immediately wow this
looks way better to me it's so
comfortable you've got some personal
affects look at that look at that little
penguin it's so happy to see me they're
showing off their system it's nice and
clean there's no sign of any orange
crusty anywhere you know there even more
personal affects oh that's so cute
there's candy see this is a station I
would be happy to sit at and use let's
see how it feels so right off the bat
the monitor is much less impressive but
it's cute I don't understand what's
going on with this mouse pad there has
to be some kind of crusty there's okay
one
second that's something blue crusty
crusty blue crusty ah The elusive blue
variant interesting I guess that does
provide
grip Mouse is very fancy and then
there's a nice blue microphone ooh with
a cute little bow very nice quiet knock
to a fans one LT Edition modern platform
runs with runs Windows 11 oh I didn't
even think about that one keyboard is
nicer it's still mechanical but it it it
feels it feels better
newer feels pretty good it's definitely
I'm guessing 60 HZ also 1080p okay
that's fine they're on a budget edifier
speakers they're much smaller than the
huge bookshelf towers that were over
there I don't think the
doing doing something these aren't bad I
think they're pretty similar they also
mentioned zero overclocking for gaming
every day so it's going to be nice and
stable allegedly W the bribes are really
getting you yeah oh I'm such a sucker
for candy the frame rate is a cable
issue but this monitor's capable of
higher refresh rates allegedly so the
refresh rate issue was really like uh
we're speeding to the end of the Finish
Line only to trip kind of oh I'm so torn
I hate that this is stuck at 60 I think
it's the better computer but I think
ultimately a way worse monitor we got a
DP 1.4 8K thing yo going into dongle to
d That's not their fault that's not
their fault what do you mean it's not
their fault that's something they had to
think about when they were they should
have thought about it no free lunches
here so I had some immediate thoughts
upon coming over here the vibe is
immediately more welcoming just because
of the high contrast between the dark
peripherals in the PCS and stuff and the
lighter desk over there we got a darker
desk and dark peripherals it just kind
of looks like I think the word is Dink
is is there no headset there was no
headset on this one if anything I would
expect that one to not have headphones
instead of this one this one looks like
you've taking the uh how it appears to
other people into account I don't know
what who I represent when I say that uh
60 FPS is like just fine for me in most
things o oh oh oh this yeah yeah I I I I
can tell that it's 60 nice Boomer scored
see and I think I'm already getting used
to the 60 and this is the thing have you
ever heard the term comparison is the
thief of Joy that's what this is all
about and they scored on us God damn it
it's not
screaming oh yeah that's I can't even
hear it at all it's not making any sound
who's this guy what's his name it's a
friend it's funny you know I wouldn't
guess that something like that would
work on me but it does I like that it's
I like that he's there I don't like the
ribbon though did they do this to cover
oh okay you're disassembling theu well I
didn't I didn't know I would be disass I
mean that's shotty workmanship wait
that's the same that's a blue glue
that's a blue crusty the rabbit hole
goes deeper what's up guys hey if you
want to see the whole uncut uncensored
version of us judging these systems head
on over to float plane what happens on
float plane stays there all right see
you later before we get to the judges
score I want to announce what settings
the benchmarks will be run at for the
teams okay for Red Dead Redemption
medium okay for cyber Punk medium no R
tracing oh however yeah I mean if you
had read The Benchmark document you
would know that you get to pick a
benchmark and every single setting at
which it runs at we're going to pick
shadow of the Tomb Raider
what it's way better I I tested both I
promise you it's better and L Sammy have
you picked your benchmark do you even
know what the choices are
no you can pick from the list we'll take
f123 low okay the judges have conferred
and it's time for their scores in the
category of Aesthetics this one over
over here is nice lots of room but it
looks a little old 17 out of 25 this
setup gives me sketchy and hidden in a
basement where things that shouldn't
happen are happening oh so I give this a
15 what kind of denn is it called goon
cave yeah a goon cave I largely agree
with Nicole on this one it doesn't seem
right I'm giving it a 10 the next
category is sound this system had bigger
speakers I'm not saying they're better
but they're bigger and it had an amp I'm
giving this one also headphones a temp
while it had both headphones and
speakers the headphones were so crusty
that I didn't want to put them on I
forgot to clean those No No I gave four
each for having both they both work so a
total of eight I also appreciate that
this one had speakers and headphones but
as Nicole said they're kind of crusty
I'm giving this one in eight next
category stratem or also known as
creativity toal creativity I think it's
not bad I'm going to give it an 18 out
of 25 I actually think that they were
incredibly creative with what they've
done here they tried so hard to hide
every sketchy part of the system even
with a tempered glass panel that was
pushed up against the desk it very
creative it's full of problem solving
I'd give this actually a full 25 what
let's
go right there buddy very good despite
the aesthetic being concerning the
strategy here is clear they wanted High
frame rate and they achieved it I think
so I'm giving it a 23 can only get frame
rates that are so high with that CPU uh
it's pretty good actually well and the
monitor is capable of
it
burn it actually is capable we would
know the last category is the
effectiveness of the system how much
would you like to use this setup I'm
very torn I don't like most of the
peripherals I do love the monitor I'm
going to give it a 30 as much as it's
creepy and kind of sketchy kind of
crusty gross it's very usable it
performs well I give this a 30 if I'm
thinking about this as something I'm
going to be coming and sitting
repeatedly at uh it's not very inviting
but you know it's not horrible I'm
giving it uh 20 out of 40 I will
tabulate these scores but it is time to
move on to system number two it's much
prettier and more inviting so I'm going
to give it a 25 it gets full points I
really like the whole thing super comfy
brought me joy the only thing was the
mouse pad that kind of got me I'd give
this a 23 I'm giving it a 20 I like the
contrast the light desk dark peripherals
it's inviting but there's also some
weird stuff going on there not having a
pair of headphones and being stuck with
desktop mic and speakers I'm giving it
more like a seven if the other was a
full 10 I'd actually give this a six
because while they weren't as gross they
didn't really blow me out of the water I
like headphones a bit more than speakers
so I'm going to give this one a seven
next category is stratagem they tried
real hard I think overall they tried
real hard hey hey I do love candy I love
candy in terms of creativity I genuinely
like it without the bribe I'd still give
it a 23 I was very impressed but the
fact that both the mous pad and the
monitor were kind of Jank I'd give this
a 23 I forgot what I gave this one but I
wanted to give them the same score
because they went for different things
but they both kind of achieved what they
were going for 23 23 me and the last
category is Effectiveness I'm incredibly
torn I really prefer that monitor but
the peripherals on this one in terms of
mouse and keyboard and just overall
smoothness of using the computer was a
lot better so I'm going to give it a 35
just the fact that sitting at the
station it doesn't make me not want to
touch anything and to shy away it brings
me comfort and joy this gets a 35 I
definitely wanted to use this one a lot
more and despite the lower frame rate
the overpowered Hardware made things
smooth so this is a 30 for me you guys
better hope you win some benchmarks yeah
we're going to that concludes the
judging thank you expert judges you may
now leave please please leave please
leave I'm going to tabulate the score
and while I do that the contestants are
going to take a look at each other's
systems your chair is actually this is
horrendous I think there might be more
shmoo on your setup I think they just
saw the bright desk compared to darker
peripherals and thought it was nicer I
think yours is actually more goon cave
than ours is like this armrest on this
chair is gross it moves that's a sound
ours doesn't move great either yeah you
pulled your wheel off of a dumpster
chair you know I didn't have time to
tune the
[Music]
sub yeah I wish I had tuned that first
what is that is that a 3060 or 3070 3070
that's the 3070 from Jawa yeah so that
was my original idea as well uh this is
a ryzen 5 4500 nice we've got 16 gigs of
3200 Ram we did manage to enable XMP it
like worked immediately 3600 never mind
so 3600 is a big Advantage for CPU
performance for us here you had no time
to overclock though right I had no time
to overclock cuz we cranked a bunch more
performance out of the 1700 yeah but
your Zen one how many cores is this one
again is it but they're fast they're
much faster and we have faster Ram let's
see your goon cave setup yeah hell yeah
welcome to the dungeon oh this front fan
is barely spinning I wonder if your GPU
is just like starving it's probably
starving this case has literally no
front intake yes we were trying to get
more fans and stuff it kind of ran out
of time this was a very short scrap Wars
we also we had lots of fans yeah and
lots of cases yeah we have headphones
maybe if you've gotten that Cris we have
a mouse pad yeah nice
Mouse it's so brok it jumped you're
supposed to have light mice they're
supposed to be light it jumped out of my
hands the glor it fell down behind oh
from Zu Lang wolf brand hey it's
actually all right if you don't Smash It
Anyways there's a
good there's a recess portion at the
back of the desk that we thought about
mounting the computer on instead of
having it in a case oh yeah but that was
another like we don't have enough time
for this situation I can't believe this
monitor how much you get it $75 off Jaa
okay that's a good deal it was actually
sick figuring out the balance was really
tough um what' you pay for that GPU 500
500 CAD yeah I still like our deal
better I'm sorry the original I had
decided 3070 immediately on yeah we saw
that deal and we were like
like we should buy the 3070 spend the
rest on everything else and then it was
like but the like turbo gas gas gas
option is buy a $500 380 so we just like
did it for fun and now we'll see what
happens your XMP is not working uh it
should it was not working during when
the judges were there what Elijah it was
I literally had it on and I unplugged
and moved it
here when Mom and Dad start fighting
that's fine we'll just re we'll use one
of our reruns you can set x&p now cuz
you're like allowed to overclock oh are
we all right see you later well we're
just going to rely on software we're
going to download ryzen Master software
and we're going to download MSI After
Burner and we're basically just going to
turn the power knobs all the way to the
end and hope for the best so we are 65
higher that was the only stable I could
get and then we do have XMP I mean
there's not much for us to do in the 10
minutes overclocking time cuz we're
already pretty dialed in we'll do c
bench first all right we're just hitting
start on single core start on single
core hey we're done 72 points boys
that's uh lower than your lab score so
we're going to go with your lab that's
lower than our lab score that's 74 well
okay hey there we go 60 all right
multicore are we giving it a moment to
like chill or we just nice try we're
running oh okay going what's your score
564 545
545 that's close though yeah I don't
know if I would dance that much we knew
you going to win CPU benchmarks uh GPU
this is where Things Fall Apart a little
bit all right 3 2 1 go what was your
score 12, 653 what was yours 10135 sorry
10135 well I think we know who won that
one what do we do next it is now the
blender render okay am I missing
something here is this going to take 46
minutes no it should be like 90 seconds
okay yeah time remaining 41 minutes
let's just skip this one and do the lap
score yeah sure fine what are the scores
lower is better lineus got 99.96%
what's next we're doing Red Dead cool so
then we just hit run Benchmark yeah okay
3 two 1 go are you guys done we're
almost done almost
9.96 80.2 all right next one is cyber
Punk on medium wait so did we win this
one you did win that one yes so medium
no braid tracing that sucks so much I
was specifically confident in cyber Punk
and the fact that we're running it so
low makes me not very confident to be
honest okay what was your average
they're scoring
98.53 105.3
2 Team balanced okay next one F1
everything low it's close but we needed
to win that so I think that's kind of
it oh did it crash I don't know did they
crash good thing we chose this game tone
down the GPU a tiny bit oh should we
tone down the CPU that was what was
unstable before just do it like very
very
slightly got to Huff it Huff that copium
detail pret well
wa okay 194 194 okay let's come have a
looky boo all right let's see average
were lower
190 but that's not that bad they were
supposed to spank you on this one this
is their chosen Benchmark but we still
win a win is a win win's a win a win is
a win well our chosen Benchmark is
shadow of the Tomb Raider move on Luke W
is a w bit I had to reboot I hope our
GPU overclock was on on nope it wasn't
wait what yeah look's going toing kill
me is that legit oh my God Elijah forgot
to initialize the GPU clock after we
restarted so that was completely not
overclocked well turn it on now quick
for the last one yeah we did you can
still win this yeah sure so on Graphics
everything the preset is highest okay oh
yeah R Trace Shadow to ultra okay [__]
is this the last Benchmark this is the
last Benchmark it all comes down to this
we'd have to beat them by 20% or more on
this
Benchmark okay here we go here we
go that's a butt nice butt so many butts
that's what this setup was made for even
get that you're too down come on man
it's fine what is it what is it you guys
want I'm sure yeah I don't know why it
was so bad guess what ours was 78 90 90
wow that's so weird do you want to know
what's you know you know you want to
know what's crazy I can't hear what
you're saying over the sound of your
fans that's fair oh damn you want know
the worst part Glenn I have a picture
here of me getting 94 okay I guess I
have a 92 don't they get to keep the
better of their two tests though yeah
that's true so if they got a better
score when Labs tested it theoretically
Labs didn't test this one this is a
chosen one they tested it and got a
better one so you could be really kind
and give them that David every time I do
that I lose the game over it you know
that right how much confidence you have
in your system
you know what I'll do it again they can
have it yeah okay what what was your
highest score Elijah he had 94 94 95 95
on our average
FPS it's insanely close when it comes to
these Benchmark drag races out of a
possible 900 score it's only 13 points
of
difference and team lus is ahead by
those 13 points with
764 by 751 but there's two different
modifiers there's the judging
differential which they so the average
score uh for Luke's team was 71.3 okay
and the average score for Linus's team
was 85.6 so it's a 14.3 boost to their
score team Bal we we just like fall
over and when it came down to the labs
differential which was a 15% boost to
the winner we have five categories so
someone needs to win three categories
and order to take that win you guys will
crush us on sound but your drive might
hurt you if they actually are you let
them talk first category is the out of
the box experience which is a little bit
of a subjective experience the winner of
that one was Luke so one Luke zero L you
can take it up with Labs okay I like
Labs now second test was thermals and it
was close Luke actually had better CPU
thermals but your GPU thermals were very
problematic you had a hot spot of 104 on
the GPU broken fan he didn't broken fan
and so lonus takes that category one1
baby repasting for the win then we
tested memory speeds and it was really
really close even though the specs are
different but lonus did Edge lonus no Ed
lius lus edged Luke just a little
bit on this one but then it was storage
and even if I only included Linus's SSD
score he still would have lost to Luke
22 we did spend a notable amount of
extra money on assistant but
unfortunately for Luke's team the last
category was
sound got
you and so the winner of scrapyard Wars
2024 is team
Ry good job I'm ready for him to start
crying yeah we have to gather the tears
so I can season my food and the tears
you have as tattoos don't count I asked
for those you should have told oh yeah
it's probably better you didn't yeah
probably and it's probably better you
guys didn't miss any of this year's
scrapyard Wars I hope you guys enjoyed
this we'll see you again next time oh
yeah shout out Jawa for sponsoring this
video and we all got good deals on Jawa
if you guys like these systems they're
going to be available for giveaway on
Jawa so get over to java. that's super
cool and they're actually really legit
and one is really loud leave a comment
under the video letting us know which
system you'd rather have uh well let the
people decide
yours I mean it's pretty nice ah if you
didn't get that system that I wanted we
would have crushed that